README.md, before:

# jobtech-taxonomy-api

generated using Luminus version "3.10.29"

FIXME

## Prerequisites

You will need [Leiningen][1] 2.0 or above installed.

[1]: https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen

## Running

You can either run from your terminal or from repl

## Controlling from Terminal

Go to project the folder .../jobtech-taxonomy-api

You can either use a web server or a local Datomic.

To start a web server for the application, run this
to connect to AWS Datomic:

    lein run -p 4444

To use a local Datomic, run:

    lein with-profile local run -p 4444


## Controlling from nREPL

Go to project (somewhere in the folder, doesn't matter where, WE THINK) and start your repl (If IntelliJ, dont' forget to  load project in your repl).

To start the HTTP server and any other components such as databases, run the start function:

    (start-app ["-p" "4444"])

(you can just do _(start)_, but the above command with port number is preferred)

Run the following command to start the HTTP server:

    (mount/start #'jobtech-taxonomy-api.core/http-server)
    
## NExt step
Then open the following URL in a web browser:

    http://127.0.0.1:4444/taxonomy/swagger-ui

## Running a query

    curl -X GET -H  "api-key: 2f904e245c1f5" --header 'Accept: application/json' 'http://127.0.0.1:4444/taxonomy/public-api/term?term=Danska'

## License

GPLv3

Copyright © 2019 Jobtech

## CREATE dev-config for local developement
Create the file "dev-config.edn" with this content

```
;; WARNING
;; The dev-config.edn file is used for local environment variables, such as database credentials.
;; This file is listed in .gitignore and will be excluded from version control by Git.

{:dev true
 :port 3000
 ;; when :nrepl-port is set the application starts the nREPL server on load
 :nrepl-port 7000
 
 ; set your dev database connection URL here
 ; :database-url "datomic:free://localhost:4334/jobtech_taxonomy_api_dev"

 ; alternatively, you can use the datomic mem db for development:
 ; :database-url "datomic:mem://jobtech_taxonomy_api_datomic_dev"
}
```

Commit message:

Run only the tests in test/, or all tests including integration-test/

README.md, after:

# jobtech-taxonomy-api

generated using Luminus version "3.10.29"

FIXME

## Prerequisites

You will need [Leiningen][1] 2.0 or above installed.

[1]: https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen

## Running

You can either run from your terminal or from repl

## Controlling from Terminal

Go to project the folder .../jobtech-taxonomy-api

You can either use a web server or a local Datomic.

To start a web server for the application, run this
to connect to AWS Datomic:

    lein run -p 4444

To use a local Datomic, run:

    lein with-profile local run -p 4444


## Controlling from nREPL

Go to project (somewhere in the folder, doesn't matter where, WE THINK) and start your repl (If IntelliJ, dont' forget to  load project in your repl).

To start the HTTP server and any other components such as databases, run the start function:

    (start-app ["-p" "4444"])

(you can just do _(start)_, but the above command with port number is preferred)

Run the following command to start the HTTP server:

    (mount/start #'jobtech-taxonomy-api.core/http-server)
    
## NExt step
Then open the following URL in a web browser:

    http://127.0.0.1:4444/taxonomy/swagger-ui

## Running a query

    curl -X GET -H  "api-key: 2f904e245c1f5" --header 'Accept: application/json' 'http://127.0.0.1:4444/taxonomy/public-api/term?term=Danska'

## Testing

There are two main test directories: test/ and integration-test/. The
former is for unit tests and the latter for functional testing.

Run the tests in test/ by

    lein test

Run all tests including the tests in integration-test/ by

    lein with-profile integration-test test


## License

GPLv3

Copyright © 2019 Jobtech

## CREATE dev-config for local developement
Create the file "dev-config.edn" with this content

```
;; WARNING
;; The dev-config.edn file is used for local environment variables, such as database credentials.
;; This file is listed in .gitignore and will be excluded from version control by Git.

{:dev true
 :port 3000
 ;; when :nrepl-port is set the application starts the nREPL server on load
 :nrepl-port 7000
 
 ; set your dev database connection URL here
 ; :database-url "datomic:free://localhost:4334/jobtech_taxonomy_api_dev"

 ; alternatively, you can use the datomic mem db for development:
 ; :database-url "datomic:mem://jobtech_taxonomy_api_datomic_dev"
}
```
